kool
there's a pretty good thread on the
zodiac the other night and it was things
that you will not hear at a YC s and
this is so fucking true I don't know how
many of you guys actually have been to a
uu event or anything of the sort but
there's some pretty hilarious stories on
that you will hear or you know not here
at events so some of the things you're
not going to hear at a YC s hey brah you
left your sort of Dante's on the table
it's pretty much the clear indicator of
how you give community acts let's see
here what other ones were there
no my opponent did not sack me and he
won an alleged way
clear indicator here about how salty the
yugioh player mace acts and becomes when
they lose because most of them will get
really really really angry when they
lose I've not almost
you're absolutely right judge I was slow
playing there's been massive talk I've
made videos on slow play and you know it
hilariously enough
random things like this are the reason
why you will never hear yes judge I did
slim play and I'm sorry my other
favorite is hey there's a lot of cheap
food around this area you know most of
them should go to I got spent like four
five bucks for bribes six seven dollars
on a burger depending on the location
I've been to a few decent price wise ESS
Atlanta was one of them I can get fries
for 250 which was pretty good in my
opinion cheeseburger for four months I
think a lot of people kind of
underestimate that sometimes but that is
the way that it is hey I woke up really
to take a shower so I could be well
prepped and hygienic Lee appropriate for
this event now
this is something you'll never hear an
event like I'm fat like I at least wake
up early and take a shower before about
let's be real here but it is pretty
unrealistic the amount of people that
you will see in an event that just don't
shower give two shits about their high
dude
nothing you can do about it so these are
just some of the things I remember
reading off of the thread you guys
really should comment some things down
below that you won't be here at oh IC s
just to get some of the hilarious factor
going here just some of the things that
you definitely don't think that you
won't hear and general things like that
so I really can't remember anymore so
guys comment down below tell me what you
guys don't think you'll ever hear a YC s
an amount I hope you guys enjoyed this
video please thumbs up this video to
show your support and please check out
van Cole 44 cardfight vanguard m cole
games for miscellaneous trading card
games and No Limit gaming for a brand
new series of yugioh videos thanks for
watching